# way-lane
Hello Guys!
This is a minor project made by me in my 2nd year of ComputerScience Engineering.
A lane detection system is the most principal component of a self-driving transportation computation system. It deals with various complex scenarios such as lane curvature worn out marking, lane changing, turning U-turns, ending and separating lines. Many modern corporations and enterprises like Tesla have been able to achieve second grade i.e., partial automation at a commercial level. In this research paper, an improved and optimized lane detection method is proposed by using the OpenCV’s canny edge detection algorithm. Edge location is the main interaction in picture preparing, and the discovery results will later influence investigation. There are two prominent image processing techniques namely analog and digital. OpenCV is a vital software and function library used in computer vision applications. OpenCV as an open-source library comprised by a progression of C/C ++ capacities and classes, offers numerous normal calculations to acknowledge picture preparing and PC vision figuring, which can be utilized to accomplish incredible picture handling, and to foster continuous applications framework. A quick and robust method that can easily detect lanes in a live video feed or a pre-recorded video stream. This proposed framework effectively combines the OpenCV’s canny edge algorithm with the Hough transform function so it can be applied in small scale applications specifically for visitor carts in an apartment complex. This application can be helpful for all the societies and apartment complexes or any other public areas like airports, malls, etc. because it requires no human control and if improved can also increase the safety of pedestrians. Testing and analysis of the program shows that the suggested software is very reliable.
